Replace `ansible_tower_fqdn` with `ansible_tower_api_url` in docs (#3748)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-provisioning-callback-for-a-host.adoc

|====
|Name |Value |Description
|`ansible_tower_provisioning` |true |Enables Provisioning Callback.
|`ansible_tower_api_url` |_https://controller.example.com/api/controller/v2_ | Defines the URL of your {awx}, including the required API path.

> For older versions of {awx}, use `/api/v2` instead of `/api/controller/v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {awx} versions earlier than X.Y, use `/api/v2` instead of `/api/controller/v2`.
```
Similar to the RN PR, please specify the version if possible.

Author: @maximiliankolb @aneta-petrova can we mark it as resolved?

Reviewer: @maximiliankolb In https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/3720, the line got merged in its original state (`older {awx} version`). Does it mean we can merge this PR as well?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I am OK as is.
